raise your hands in the beating weather
palm was on chelsea
I do not know if the team is good and the
night with a plan b and we came here
To do what you think I 'm doing.
With that mask, that's how it is.
he likes to dress well there the
episodes than normal and we will
teach you a recipe exceeds
fast super practice that you will not
take very thin TV has by any
your cooking carnival because it is not
This is what we want, we want it.
to like people who like the movie the people
wants to go out on the ball did we want to
my
so we'll teach the omelet was
a super easy so let's start as
We're going to start the game games here.
three eggs
it will take over and occupy milk while
port hit the bootie tabaú came back more
or less a couple of tablespoons 3
There you add the time that you want.
here he chose basil to give a
more charm to give an extra charm
with which the Italian was not millet other
thing that gives a very tasty air zone
East is a cheese that has been
injury that I think will combine super
well with this saucepan
and it goes rolling in the bottle mouth
I'm not going to work, it's good that we
it's never enough
I'm not going to give it here in the south as well.
other side are two saw here this
modern a little bit of black pepper
And this kid is that I do not think
You put everything you have in the fridge.
be practical and then you can eat
with bread with rice or just a small salad
because the heat will be general will be
not in the game
I'm going to play a little tomato
cherry that will give one that is super
tasty or sliced in 4
the other bit of sound a little bit
more
remembering that the country today's lawyer does not
it was in the cars the sun that we did not
want you first carnival and
soccer
at the time it will enter more shares of the
You decide now that this was mine.
khaki
you could use was medical cake or a
great shape if you prefer but stay
well prettier if you do this
form that facilitates the portion of
individual portions
and we took our mold that is already
different but to make sure that nothing
will cross
Let's get over you at home.
whether or not it is an anti-adherent center in
house spends a little oil that does not
will be sure
so we're going to talk about this
mix here in our family of color
khaki and let's bake the fire
more or less 180 200 degrees per
It took me about 30 minutes to go
growing up here he will grow up going to
cuba hit will want a soufflé
neighbor and he expects us to
Crying up, that's the secret.
behind the supletivo and now it's just eating
is ready you can eat by hand
You can call the guys to eat.
very good and old
I like the public a delight and then
You start, you can already leaf.
and it was another name for an average egg and
to the next